# Pakt

_Create, manage and sign digital contracts using the mobile app BankID_

Pakt is a platform where users can create and share contracts.
Documents are uniquely identified with a hash of its content to
ensure everyone signs the same copy and no tampering is done.
Signing and verification of users identity is done with BankID
which is the leading electronic identification app in Sweden.

Other services can easily be integrated by specifying webhooks
that gets triggered when changes occur in the system.

Future improvements could include adding Swish (similar to
BankID but for sms payments) to add costs to creating documents
or signatures. Users could also be notified by sms when
contracts are assigned or new signatures created to connected
contract.

Some documents might be sensitive to store on central servers.
In that case something like <a href="https://ipfs.io" target="_blank">ipfs</a> could be used to store the documents and then secure them with
smart contracts on a blockchain, <a href="https://ethereum.org" target="_blank">Ethereum</a> for instance.

![](https://github.com/carlbarrdahl/web/raw/master/src/assets/pakt/create.png)

Contracts are easily created by dragging a document to upload
(or browsing) and filling out the details. Start and end date
for contract validity can be set and participants can be added
by entering their email.

![](https://github.com/carlbarrdahl/web/raw/master/src/assets/pakt/view.png)
Documents are embedded to easily be read without need of
downloading. Future improvements can include templates to
dynamically generate documents based on data.
![](https://github.com/carlbarrdahl/web/raw/master/src/assets/pakt/sign.png)
Sign contract by entering your SSN and open app on mobile. QR
code can be added for a more secure (and convenient) signing
experience.
![](https://github.com/carlbarrdahl/web/raw/master/src/assets/pakt/list.png)
All users uploaded and signed contracts are listed.
![](https://github.com/carlbarrdahl/web/raw/master/src/assets/pakt/webhooks.png)

Contract in screenshots from https://plainfreelancecontract.com/
